1. Deposit Button Integration

Make sure the Deposit button on the Dashboard and the Deposit button in the Crypto Assets table trigger the exact same deposit modal.

Both buttons should:

Open the same modal (deposit-modal).

Call the same function to handle deposit logic.

No duplication of logic — one modal, one shared function.

2. Deposit Modal Behavior

Inside the modal:

A dropdown to select the asset (Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc.).

Display the currently active deposit address for the selected asset.

A QR code generated for the active address (must be functional when scanned).

A button Generate New Address that cycles/shuffles through available addresses for that asset.

Use currentAddressIndex to keep track of which address is currently being displayed.

Every click moves to the next address in the pool.

When the end is reached, cycle back to the first one.

3. Crypto Address Management

Add an Admin Panel feature to allow the admin to add deposit addresses.

For each asset:

Store at least 3 deposit addresses in an array.

These addresses are saved in the cryptoData object, e.g.:

let cryptoData = [
  { 
    id: 'bitcoin', 
    asset: 'Bitcoin', 
    ticker: 'BTC', 
    addresses: [
      "address1",
      "address2",
      "address3"
    ]
  },
  ...
];


The Deposit Modal should always pull deposit addresses from this array.

The Generate New Address button cycles through this array.

The QR code updates automatically with the currently displayed address.

4. QR Code Generation

Use a QR code library (already included in the project) to render the QR code.

The QR code should:

Be generated dynamically from the currently displayed deposit address.

Be fully functional — when scanned, it resolves to the correct crypto address.

Goal

Both Dashboard Deposit button and Crypto Assets table Deposit button → open the same deposit modal with full logic.

Admin can preload addresses (at least 3 per asset).

Clients can cycle through them with Generate New Address.

A QR code is always shown and updates per address.